build an app where I can see
0. Dashboard for personal finance (income sources (table) in order on high to low & amounts, expenses and amounts, charts, tables etc). Between dates filter for each table/graph/element and by default it shows past 1 year's data.
1. all my accounts  as a list, 
2. add/remove accounts and edit data related to that account including bank, type of account and opening balance
3. clicking on each accounts shows transactions data table. where i can import transactions in csv and other australian bank formats. filter by accounts or multi account select, filter by between dates, show latest transactions up top, all rows sortable, pagination & 200 records per page. 
4. Rules page where rules can be created to  categorise transactions based on seperation of imcome, expenses, vendors, customers, amount, specific numbers mentioned from the description and other meta data. (user rules we will have AI drafted categorisation rules, approved rules, denied rules etc)
5. Create a setting page with OpenAi compatible AIs can be added so the AI can go through transactions and categorrise the transactions. It will draft categorise the transaction, then user accepts the categorisation of Ai or make changes. based on the changes user made + AI's previous categorisation draft rules will be created by AI for user to approve,change or deny. rules show up in section above (step 4). Bsed on Approved rules, AI will go through transactions and categorise them.
6. Attached are sample CVS bank transactions files - we only need to import 2 types of csv files,  with Date, Description, Amount or date, description, credit amount and debit amount. implement so duplicate transactions are not imported & reported (create a pop up report which gets saved under Settings/Logs. the csv files might have a lot of fields but we are only interested in matching Date, Description, Debit, Credit (note: soem csv files will have debit and credit in 1 column, and some will have Date, Description, Debit, Credit seperate columns. so design the import process, column matching accordingly and ignore other columns when importing. always produce a proper report & save in Settings/Logs. 
5. The Ui needs to be modern and enterprise type. Use Blue, dark blue and Grey based colours.
